cloud: add release notes (#12885)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-release-notes.md

This page lists the release notes of [TiDB Cloud](https://www.pingcap.com/tidb-cloud/) in 2023.

## March 14, 2023

**General changes**

- Upgrade the default TiDB version of new [Dedicated Tier](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#dedicated-tier) clusters from [v6.5.0](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v6.5/release-6.5.0) to [v6.5.1](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/v6.5/release-6.5.1).

> - Support modifying column names of target tables to be created by TiDB Cloud when uploading local CSV files with headers.

Author: ```suggestion
- Support modifying column names of the target table to be created by TiDB Cloud when uploading a local CSV file with a header row.
```

>     When importing a local CSV file with a header row to [Serverless Tier](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#serverless-tier-beta) clusters, if you need TiDB Cloud to create the target table and the column names in the header row do not follow the TiDB Cloud column naming conventions, you will see a warning icon in the name field. To resolve the warning, you can move the cursor over the icon and follow the message to edit the existing column names or enter new column names.

Author: ```suggestion
    When importing a local CSV file with a header row to a [Serverless Tier](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#serverless-tier-beta) cluster, if you need TiDB Cloud to create the target table and the column names in the header row do not follow the TiDB Cloud column naming conventions, you will see a warning icon next to the corresponding column name. To resolve the warning, you can move the cursor over the icon and follow the message to edit the existing column names or enter new column names.
```

>   For information about column naming conventions, see [Import local files](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-import-local-files.md#import-local-files).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For information about column naming conventions, see [Import local files](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-import-local-files.md#import-local-files).
```
